<!DOCTYPE composition PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "https://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	    		xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	  			xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	  			xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	  			xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
				template="/WEB-INF/layouts/standard.xhtml">

<ui:define name="title">Model Validation</ui:define>

<ui:define name="notes">
	<h5>Files to review:</h5>
	<p>
	  	Flow definition and views in <span class="alt">src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/flows/validation-model</span><br/>
	  	Java model with validation methods <span class="alt">~/validation/Reservation.java</span>
	</p>
	<hr/>
</ui:define>

<ui:define name="content">
<h:form>
	<p:tabView activeIndex="${activeTabIndex}">

		<p:tab title="Reservation Form" >
			<p:messages />  
			<div>
				<div class="span-5 colborder">
					<p>
						<h:outputLabel for="startDate">Start Date: </h:outputLabel><br/>
						<p:calendar id="startDate" label="Start Date" value="#{reservation.startDate}" pattern="MM/dd/yyyy" timeZone="EST" required="true" />
					</p>
					<p>
						<h:outputLabel for="endDate">End Date: </h:outputLabel><br/>
						<p:calendar id="endDate" label="End Date" value="#{reservation.endDate}" pattern="MM/dd/yyyy" timeZone="EST" required="true" />
					</p>
					<hr/>
					<p>
						<h:selectBooleanCheckbox title="stateValidation" value="#{reservation.stateValidationEnabled}" />
						Enable state validation<br/>			
						<h:selectBooleanCheckbox title="globalValidation" value="#{reservation.globalValidationEnabled}" />
						Enable global validation
					</p>
					<hr/>
					<p>		
						<p:commandButton value="Validate" action="next" update="@form" render="@form" />
						<p:commandButton value="Exit" action="exit" immediate="true" />
					</p>				
				</div>
				<div class="span-16 last">
					<p>Types of validation used on this form:</p>
					<ol>
						<li>JSF component validation based on "required" attribute on start/end date tags</li>
						<li>Model validation method invoked by convention for this state only</li>
						<li>Model validation method invoked by convention for any view states of the current flow</li>
						<li>Validation method invoked directly in a transition</li>
					</ol>
				</div>
				<hr/>
			</div>
		</p:tab>
		<p:tab title="By Convention">
			<p>
				Validation by convention relies on model methods with a special signature.<br/>
				First you need to declare the model on the view-state using the "model" attribute.<br/>
				Then you add one or more validation methods to the model object.<br/>
				For example see the following methods on <span class="alt">~/validation/Reservation.java</span>:<br/> 
				<span class="alt">public void 
				Reservation.validateEdit(ValidationContext)</span> matches to the view state called "edit".<br/>
				<span class="alt">public void 
				Reservation.validate(ValidationContext)</span> matches to all view states in the flow.<br/>
			</p>
		</p:tab>

		<p:tab title="By Validation Method">
			<p>
				You can choose to invoke a validation method during a specific transition.<br/>
				The validation method registers errors and returns false to prevent the transition
				and display the error(s).
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Don't forget to disable state and global validation by convention.<br/>
				Those validations are invoked first and they will prevent the transition altogether!
			</p>
		</p:tab>
	</p:tabView>
</h:form>
</ui:define>

</ui:composition>